Add boilerplate for v3 of the incident API (#2010)
Uninett/Argus: docs/reference/api/v3.rst

Endpoints, API v3
=================

These endpoints are under development and ahould not be considered stable. Only

> endpoints with changes from v2 are lsited here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These endpoints are under development and should not be considered stable. Only
endpoints with changes from v2 are listed here.
```
